So I'm Sam, and I'm one of the researchers
here at Anthropic.
Computer use is something that we felt
was gonna be important for a while now.
And so, today we're gonna be talking about
a very early version we
have of computer use.
And walking through a
representative example
of the things we think
it's gonna be useful for.
We're gonna be going
through a quick demo today.
In this fictional demo, a customer,
in this case, the Ant Equipment Company,
has come to us and asked us
to fill out a vendor request form.
The data I need to fill
out this form is scattered
in various places on my computer.
What we're gonna do is ask
Claude to look at a spreadsheet,
check if Ant Equipment is in there.
And if not, move over to the CRM
and try and find some
more information there.
Once it has this data,
Claude's gonna then fill out
the form for us, and hopefully
transfer the information
across to the vendor form.
The first thing that's gonna happen
is Claude's gonna start taking
screenshots of my screen,
and quickly realizes that
the Ant Equipment Company
isn't actually in the spreadsheet.
So the first thing it does
is it swaps over to a CRM
and searches for the
company we're interested in.
Luckily, we get a search match.
And Claude then starts
scrolling through the page,
looking for all the information it needs
to fill out this form.
Claude then autonomously
starts transferring
the information across without
me having to do anything.
And goes through the steps,
and fills out all the information needed.
And then submits the form.
This example is representative
of a lot of drudge work
that people have to do.
This is available in the API.
We're excited for people to try it,
and we should expect
things to get a lot better
over the coming months.